Bug fixes for Office365 exchange online (#37747)
demisto/content: Packs/Office365/ReleaseNotes/1_0_9.md

#### Modeling Rules

##### Office 365 Modeling Rule

> - Improved implementation of Modeling Rule for *xdm.email.recipients* field in the following datasets:
> *msft_o365_exchange_online_raw*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Improved implementation of the Modeling Rule for the *xdm.email.recipients* field in the *msft_o365_exchange_online_raw* dataset.

```
